baby backs
I wish you must achieve my powers will
become yours
[Applause]
[Music]
that's crazy right what are your
superpowers swimming for hours dude I
don't even know how to pee in this thing
[Music]
electricity manipulation
hyperspeed I'd like to purchase some of
your finest beer please
[Music]
is Kathy Sparkle fingers no it's not
it's not money that's not my name chosen
one oh you're like a bad guy you really
did the opposite of what a superhero is
supposed to do you're him
you're the hero
you're welcome for not getting robbed
like that
I want you basically 15
[Music]
see that yeah you electrocuted a bus and
who must kill these people and then I
caught it and they've tall buildings in
a single bound
[Music]